Now in order to create a histogram or reward is you need to have all of the tears in each project and
the number of backers for each tear.
This way you can see which one was the most popular and which one raised them the most amount of money
as well.
So in order to get this it's a bit tedious because even if we're using the scraper tool we would have
to go and find this line scrape similar add it to the scraper tool and then find this line and add it
to the script tool.
I'm going to show you a slightly more advance method of using this great tool.
But for this you might need to bear with me because I'm going to have to show you something that is
a little bit related to programming.
Now there's no actual programming happening.
It's just a way of reverse engineering how the Web site is displayed so that you can grab the bits of
data that you need relatively easily.
OK.
So the goal is that we want to pull in all of these tears so $10 $25 $95.
Now of course you can just also read this and type it in.
But that's really tedious.
As a programmer myself I can't really be convinced of doing anything that a machine can do much quicker
and much more easily.
So I'm going to show you how you can use some really basic concepts to actually pull in this data.
Now don't worry you don't have to understand any programming to be able to do this.
And I'm not going to go into details about how SML work how X paths work.
All I'm going to show you is the technique.
So here the thing that we want to pull in is the $10 and we can see that it's a repeating element.
Each of these boxes are laid out exactly the same.
So we know that the code behind it is going to be repeated.
So I'm going to do is I'm going to select this $10 and I'm going to say inspect and this pulls up the
chrome developer tools.
Now you have to be inside Chrome for this to work.
There's developer tools other browsers as well but this is just by far the easiest to use.
So you can see that it's highlighting to you the line of code that is creating this word $10 on screen.
So what we're going to do is we're going to right click on the highlighted line and we're going to say
Copy.
We're going to copy the X path.
Now once you've got that X path copied you're going to paste it inside a blank text edit file.
So don't worry about naming it don't worry about saving it.
I just want to show you how it looks.
So this is essentially a way of navigating down to that $10 through the code because each element after
a fourth Losh is nested inside the previous element.
And this is how we arrive at this file.
$10 a month.
So now we've done that for the $10 Let's go and have a look at the $25 to compare.
I'm going to highlight the $25 I'm going to Right-Click and hit inspect and the developer tool is going
to highlight to me the line of code that's creating that $25 on screen.
So I'm going to do the same thing right click on that line and copy the X path.
Now I'm going to go back over to my text file and I'm going to paste it on a new line.
So now here's a little bit of Spot the difference these two lines are identical other than one number.
Can you spot where that is.
All right so that wasn't too hard.
It's right here.
So this is the part where they diverged paths and before then is what we're interested in.
So copy everything that is before the square brackets so all the way up to the airline.
Now it'll help if you are actually doing this along with me because you'll actually get to learn the
tools instead of watching it and forgetting and having to come back to it once you learn it it's pretty
easy.
OK so now once you've highlighted everything up to the square brackets where they divert pass you're
going to copy that X path and you're going to paste it and you're going to create a new scrape.
And here don't worry about what is generated automatically what you're going to do is you're going to
put what you just copied up at the top here and make a rule that says X path instead of something else.
And then the DOT basically refers to a iterative number.
So it's going to go through one two three four five six until it ends.
So it's going to essentially loop through all of these blocks and generate all the content that's inside
it.
So if we scrape now you can see that this is actually pulling in everything that's inside each of these
little squares.
And that's too much information we don't need all of that.
All we want is just that $10 a $25 pop.
And if we head back over to text that we can see how that part was generated after the the one or the
two there's a forward slash and then there's a little bit more code.
So we're going to copy that because at the same time on for the first example in the second example
and then we're going to paste that in him.
So we're going to write dot.
So it's going to be dot and the fourth slash and then the rest of the code.
So if we just compare over here you can see after the.
So what you're doing is you're placing the square brackets with the two with a dot and you putting in
everything that comes afterwards.
So it's basically dot slash div square brackets to slash a whole bunch of code right.
And let's just name this tier so that we know what it is.
And now if I hit scrape you can see that it scrapes all of those structured bits of data and we've got
all of our priced his nice pretty easy right.
So the next part of the data that we want is of course the number of backers that we're going to do
the same thing.
So I'm going to look at the $10 Telephus.
I'm going to highlight that number 15 and I'm going to hit inspect and you can see it's highlighting
the span class where it says 15.
So I'm going to reichlich copy the X path and I'm going to paste this into our text file.
Now I'm going to compare this against the next one so I have to find it here where it says 5.
I'm going to highlight the five and again hit inspect and I'm going to copy and.
And again the chrome develop a tool highlight this line of code.
I'm going to right click on it and again copy the X path and then we're going to switch back to text
edit and I'm just going to paste it under the previous line of code.
Again we're going to undergo the spot the difference task and you can see actually that up to this part.
This is identical to this line.
So everything up to here is all of the data inside each of the squares.
And thereafter it diverges and it corresponds to different parts of that square.
So this part points to this 25 dollar amount whereas this part points to the number of Bakker's section
here.
So this is what we're interested in.
So copy that code right up to that square brackets so including the forward slash and we're going to
hit command C to copy and we're going to go back into that scrape session that we had previously I'm
going to hit.
Plus to add another column and we're going to paste in the X path here.
So it's going to be this part all the way up to that square brackets one colluding that forward slash
there.
So that's really important.
And when you paste it in here make sure you first type a dot and then you paste in the rest of the code.
And and you can see here I've actually accidentally copied in the end of that square brackets so that
can't work.
So it has to be dot slash.
Something something something right.
And we're going to call this the number of backers OK and I'm going to hit scrape.
Now it's a slight problem here.
You can see that we're basically pulling in whatever is on this line right.
So if there's only the words 15 backers and that's what we're getting.
But if there's the words limited and the number backas then we're actually getting the first element.
So we need to get the second one as well.
So to do that let's just highlight it and then click inspect and right click copy x path
and you're going to paste it in here so you can see this one is at index 1.
This one's an index to pretty much.
So if we go and add this part into our scraper tool so we're going to add a new column and I'm going
to write dot and then I'm going to paste in the rest of it make sure that it's dot slashed.
Begin with.
And this is also going to be number of brackets.
OK so now if I hit scrape you can see that between these two columns we've got all the number of backers.
So if it isn't here then it's going to be here.
So that's all we need essentially.
And we can copy the clipboard and paste it in here.
So there's a little bit more of data processing that you have to do because if I pasted in here you
can see that we've got two columns right.
So the ones where.
So we're going to delete the first one.
Which is only the titles of each columns.
And the next thing that we need to do is that where it says limited or no longer available.
We're going to shift these numbers over here.
So essentially all that we want in this row is the number of backers and all that we want here are the
waters.
So once you've done that you're going to have to remove the number of backers because we can't graph
text that is there any make any sense.
So again using the previous trick where we say we're going to look for something so it's space Bakker's
and we're going to hit the Three-Star three dots and we're going to make sure that we match case.
So we don't get rid of that title and we're going to replace all.
And we have to make sure that you spell it right of course the place all and now everything is in numbers
and that gets added into our graph.
And so now that data gets added to contribute to that chart.
So essentially by the end of this as you go through some of the most popular or the highest pledged
amount of projects you should have a list of reward tears i.e. the amount brackets and how many people
actually pledged for them.
So for example if you look at this beluga project you can see that the most popular tier is around this
$100 mark.
Right.
So you definitely want to make sure that you make your hundred dollar MMOG your product.
And the one that's most appealing as well.
So this is just a really good data driven way of looking at what reward tears have worked in the past
for other similar projects to yours and which ones that you need to focus on.
So another thing that you might want to do is to actually work out how much each of these tears actually
made.
So I'm just going to start a new item here called amount pledged right and it's just going to be equal
to the reward here multiplied by the number of backers.
And then if we just pull that down all the way here.
Now you can see that in this case the tier that generated the largest number of was also the tier that
generated them the most amount of money.
And this is usually true but not always.
So when a project has underpriced itself you usually don't see this kind of normal distribution.
Sometimes you see a different pattern and that can guide you as to whether if that particular project
has underpriced over priced their products and that will help you in your research as well.
All right.
So I've shown you some ways of using the scraper tool and gathering data to essentially stand on the
shoulders of giants right.
You want to leverage the data that's been generated from the previous projects and try to do better
than all of them by seeing what they've done and seeing what worked and what didn't.
And pricing is a really really important factor to consider.
So it's well worth going through and scraping some of the most popular projects.
You don't have to go nuts and do all 100 but maybe you know have 20 projects or 30 projects and you'll
have a decent amount of data that can tell you quite a lot.
So let's head back to our presentation and talk a little bit more about how we can make this process
easier.